# API Documentation: `PB_UTIL.Paperclip`

Paperclips extend from `SMODS.Sticker`, so everything in [this documentation](https://github.com/Steamodded/smods/wiki/SMODS.Sticker) applies unless otherwise stated.
A table of all Paperclip keys can be found at `PB_UTIL.Paperclips`; however, the utility functions described below should handle most use cases without you having to access this table yourself.

- **Optional parameters** _(defaults)_:
  - `shiny = false`: This makes the Paperclip render with a shiny shader. Used for Gold and Platinum clips.
  - `special = false`: Special Paperclips are unable to be randomly generated by default. Used for the Platinum clip.

## Utility Functions

- `PB_UTIL.is_paperclip(str)`
  - `str` should be the full key of a potential paperclip (including mod prefix). If it is a valid paperclip object, returns true. Otherwise returns false.
- `PB_UTIL.has_paperclip(card)`
  - If `card` currently has a paperclip, this function returns two values: the key of the paperclip and the config table of the paperclip. Otherwise returns nil.
- `PB_UTIL.count_paperclips(args)`
  - If `args.area` exists, this function iterates over the specified cardarea and counts all the non-debuffed cards with paperclips inside it. If `args.allow_debuff` is true, it counts debuffed paperclips as well, and if `args.exclude_highlighted` is true, it will not count any paperclips on cards that are currently selected. Returns the number of paperclips counted.
- `PB_UTIL.remove_paperclip(card)`
  - Removes the paperclip attached to the specified card. Doesn't return anything.
- `PB_UTIL.set_paperclip(card, key)`
  - `key` should be the full key of a paperclip (including mod prefix). If that's the case, this function removes the previous paperclip on the specified card (if it exists) and applies the paperclip given by `key` to it.
- `PB_UTIL.poll_paperclip(seed, include_special)`
  - `seed` is a pseudorandom seed string. This function randomly picks the key of a paperclip and returns it; it will only pick paperclips marked as "special" if `include_special` is true.
- `PB_UTIL.is_special_clip(clip)`
  - If `clip` is the key of a special paperclip, this function returns true. Otherwise returns false.
